Add Go example for ASM user monitoring options (#13843)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/application_security/setup_and_configure.md

{{< programming-lang lang="go" >}}

> The Go tracer package provides the `SetUser()` function, which allows you to monitor authenticated requests by adding user information to the trace. For information and options, read [the Go tracer documentation][1]. Additionaly, the example below shows how to retrieve the current tracer span and use it to set some user monitoring tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Go tracer package provides the `SetUser()` function, which allows you to monitor authenticated requests by adding user information to the trace. For more options, see [the Go tracer documentation][1]. 

This example shows how to retrieve the current tracer span and use it to set user monitoring tags:
```

```go

> // Retrieve the current tracer span from an http request's context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Retrieve the current tracer span from an HTTP request's context
```
